today we are going to pass it with next that is
can you say that you have to
get good more than getting
we have to get this
so the eggs all this the trunk
those who get enough things to
to be able to get here and well now we go to
level 16 should in fact practice
to practice before you start recording
I say I commented what I really looking
because it would be a lot
after now
and well I want to say that I'm very happy
return to youtube
finally the first
and I hope not as of little time to leave
upload videos because the only thing that
it keeps entertaining in agreement and everything
that and well I will try to do enough
times the last angry bird against a
they waited I will try to pass it to everything
it seems that these birds only
break wood
if we do not finish
with such stars because it's going to be
the objective I will try
you can say
or try to achieve or download me
especially the star wars that is
great but you know how many
bieber
and good
code but if you do not want it
download because I put them but I know that
a little bit of system for the fish
digits maybe the boot maybe not
I know
and good as I say is for facebook
it seems that this level is also
on Facebook
in fact if you after a friend
which is called or nigris
he told me that the facebook
how warfare
and on facebook everything ends
that's how it counts because it's failing
that we give him
can deposit by walking
I'm going to try to get more before because
it would be good for me personally
comment
but for me the personal thing I would like
make streaming play minecraft online
seven hours
I would not like it to really be worth the
I 'm sorry
5 seconds
and well we see where they are
I do not know why but no
the little bird what I
at the beginning about 20 minutes
nothing
all right
what, today
if you are
and then off camera
good
rather
he is a champion
As I say, I'm going to try to pass
fast behind the scenes
when you use them the last level
go short at the beginning
Y
kaka
lower him
you have to repeat the process
do not
and so we come now if we get to see
those of us
this I think we 'll have to throw the
rock
ah
obviously like a dog
because the final tour
love singh declared
of the sword name
do not
to 17 hours
but no more
well I say because it will not be heavy
they are not going to see it has taken
build yourself
that's why the most wanted to upload it
as I say those who upload videos me
understand those who do not egg point
subscribe and subscribe and dallara says
that hates the bargain and I open the candadito
with me
we are conscious